the Israeli Army says it's killed at
least 90 Palestinians during an ongoing
raid on alifa Hospital in Gaza City
explosions and gunfire are shaking areas
around the complex Israeli soldiers
raided the hospital on Monday they say
they've interrogated more than 300
people in taking at least 160 back to
Israel for further investigation gaza's
Health Ministry says the situation
inside the hospital is critical and
hundreds of displaced civilians patients
and staff are trapped inside let's get
the latest with Hamas salut who is in
occupied East Jerusalem Forest talk to
us about the Israeli reactions to this
continued raid on alifah hamda uh the
death toll there is
rising that's right the Israeli Army
says that they have arrested 300
Palestinians and at least 90 other
Palestinians have been killed in this
ongoing raid at alifa hospital the
Israeli Army has released this statement
this morning saying that they are
continuing what they're calling a
targeted and precise operation while
trying to keep civilians out of Harm's
Way to minimize damage to the facility
but we do know that people have been
beaten theyve been arrested among them
journalists as well people who are
Sheltering there say they are quite
fearful of the ongoing raid and look
there are also air strikes happening
within the vicinity as well the Israel
Army is stressing that Hamas is using
the hospital for military means and
purposes this is the fourth time alifa
has been raided and you'll remember most
notably back in November the Israeli
Army had alleged that Hamas was using
alifa as a command center for their
military activity their headquarters for
all of that type of military activity
but those claims were never brought to
fruition there was never any evidence
brought to prove those claims brought
forth by the Israeli Army and and this
is happening as there growing
International pressure hamda on Israel
for its operation in Gaza for its
blanded operation on Rafa what is the
reaction from the Israeli
government look just in the last 24
hours alone you've had mounting
International pressure from some of
Israel's biggest allies you Canada
Germany in the United States the United
Kingdom as well you have the Americans
who say they are looking for the
Israelis to send a delegation to
Washington to discuss this pending
ground Invasion Ina to which the
Israelis have agreed to Canada who
passed a nonbinding resolution to Halt
sales of arms to Israel and the Israelis
have reacted to that Israel's foreign
minister saying that it's a shame and a
disgrace and that it will prevent quote
is Israel's right F to defend itself and
that history will look back on this
moment not fondly but then you had
Canada's foreign minister say even
though this was a non-binding measure it
is something that is real than the
United Kingdom the foreign secretary
there saying that the goal should be to
obtain not just a ceasefire for a pause
in the fighting but a sustainable
ceasefire that will lead to something
more permanent so all of this pressure
has been contining to mount on Israel as
they've been Prosecuting a war that has
seen the death of nearly 32,000
Palestinians htin occupied East
Jerusalem thank you for the update hamda